corruption The act of corrupting or of impairing integrity, virtue, or moral principle; the state of being corrupted or debased; loss of purity or integrity
the With a comparative or with more and a verb phrase, establishes a correlation with one or more other such comparatives.
coming To move from further away to nearer to.
days Any period of 24 hours.
will (now uncommon or literary) to wish, desire (something).
show A play, dance, or other entertainment.
whether Which of two.
matt (coppersmithing) an alloy of copper, tin, iron, etc.; white metal.
gaetz N/a
tulsi Holy basil, ocimum tenuiflorum.
gabbard N/a
pete N/a
hegseth N/a
and In rhythm, the second half of a divided beat.
robert N/a
f Used to profess respect for a deceased person, or for something that has been lost.
kennedy N/a
jr A title used after a son's name when his father has the same name.
have A wealthy or privileged person.
staying To prop; support; sustain; hold up; steady.
power Ability to do or undergo something.
for N/a
confirmation An official indicator that things will happen as planned.
fights To contend in physical conflict, either singly or in war, battle etc.
in A position of power or influence, or a way to get it.
new Things that are new.
republican Someone who favors a republic as a form of government.
senate In some bicameral legislative systems, the upper house or chamber.
over A set of six legal balls bowled.
their N/a
assignments The act of assigning; the allocation of a job or a set of tasks.
to Toward a closed, touching or engaging position.
safeguard Something that serves as a guard or protection; a defense.
rule A regulation, law, guideline.
of Expressing distance or motion.
law The body of binding rules and regulations, customs and standards established in a community by its legislative and judicial authorities.
us (personal) me and at least one other person; the objective case of we.
intelligence Capacity of mind, especially to understand principles, truths, facts or meanings, acquire knowledge, and apply it to practice; the ability to comprehend and learn.
community A group sharing a common understanding, and often the same language, law, manners, and/or tradition.
military Armed forces.
health The state of being free from physical or psychological disease, illness, or malfunction; wellness.
well-being A state of health, happiness and/or prosperity.
all (with a possessive pronoun) everything that one is capable of.
americans N/a
each (operations) an individual item: the least quantitative unit in a grouping.
most The greatest amount.
provocative (obsolescent) something that provokes an appetite, especially a sexual appetite; an aphrodisiac.
selections A process by which heritable traits conferring survival and reproductive advantage to individuals, or related individuals, tend to be passed on to succeeding generations and become more frequent in a population, whereas other less favourable traits tend to become eliminated; the differential survival and reproduction of phenotypes.
is N/a
facing (of a person or animal) to position oneself or itself so as to have one's face closest to (something).
criticism The act of criticising; a critical judgment passed or expressed
that Something being indicated that is there; one of those.
they (the third-person plural) a group of people, animals, plants or objects previously mentioned.
lack A defect or failing; moral or spiritual degeneracy.
expertise Great skill or knowledge in a particular field or hobby.
experience The effect upon the judgment or feelings produced by any event, whether witnessed or participated in; personal and direct impressions as contrasted with description or fancies; personal acquaintance; actual enjoyment or suffering.
run To run.
vast A vast space.
specialized To make distinct or separate, particularly:
bureaucracies Government by bureaus or their administrators or officers.
would Something that would happen, or would be the case, under different circumstances; a potentiality.
be N/a
under Being lower; being beneath something.
control Influence or authority over something.
debate An argument, or discussion, usually in an ordered or formal setting, often with more than two people, generally ending with a vote or other decision.
prospects The region which the eye overlooks at one time; view; scene; outlook.
intensifying To render more intense
following To go after; to pursue; to move behind in the same path or direction.
fresh A rush of water, along a river or onto the land; a flood.
revelations The act of revealing or disclosing.
allegations An assertion, especially an accusation, not necessarily based on facts.
about Moving around; astir.
pasts The period of time that has already happened, in contrast to the present and the future.
which (interrogative) what one or ones (of those mentioned or implied).
set To put (something) down, to rest.
up The direction opposed to the pull of gravity.
a The name of the latin script letter a/a.
test A challenge, trial.
trump’s N/a
intention The goal or purpose behind a specific action or set of actions.
wield To command, rule over; to possess or own.
what (singlish) used to contradict an underlying assumption held by the interlocutor.
he The game of tag, or it, in which the player attempting to catch the others is called "he".
regards A steady look, a gaze.
as To such an extent or degree; to the same extent or degree.
almost Something or someone that doesn't quite make it.
uncheckable N/a
from Used to indicate source or provenance.
oval An elongated round shape resembling an egg or ellipse.
office A ceremonial duty or service, particularly:
cnn N/a
reported To relate details of (an event or incident); to recount, describe (something).
saturday N/a
pick A tool used for digging; a pickaxe.
defense The action of defending or protecting from attack, danger, or injury.
secretary Someone entrusted with a secret; a confidant.
paid To give money or other compensation to in exchange for goods or services.
woman An adult female human.
who A person under discussion; a question of which person.
accused To find fault with, blame, censure
him Honorific alternative letter-case form of him, sometimes used when referring to god or another important figure who is understood from context.
sexual A species which reproduces by sexual rather than asexual reproduction, or a member of such a species.
assault A violent onset or attack with physical means, for example blows, weapons, etc.
settlement The act of settling.
agreement An understanding between entities to follow a specific course of conduct.
included To bring into a group, class, set, or total as a (new) part or member.
confidentiality The property of being confidential.
clause (grammar) a verb, its necessary grammatical arguments, and any adjuncts affecting them.
according To make to agree or correspond; to suit one thing to another; to adjust.
hegseth’s N/a
attorney A lawyer; one who advises or represents others in legal matters as a profession.
fox A red fox, small carnivore (vulpes vulpes), related to dogs and wolves, with red or silver fur and a bushy tail.
news New information of interest.
anchor A tool used to moor a vessel to the bottom of a sea or river to resist movement.
has To possess, own.
denied To disallow or reject.
assaulting To attack, physically or figuratively.
was N/a
not A unary operation on logical values that changes true to false, and false to true.
charged To assign a duty or responsibility to
any To even the slightest extent, at all.
criminal A person who is guilty of a crime, notably breaking the law.
case An actual event, situation, or fact.
or Connects at least two alternative words, phrases, clauses, sentences, etc. each of which could make a passage true. in english, this is the "inclusive or." the "exclusive or" is formed by "either [...] or".
named (ditransitive) to give a name to.
defendant Serving, or suitable, for defense; defensive, defending.
civil Having to do with people and government office as opposed to the military or religion.
lawsuit In civil law, a case where two or more people disagree and one or more of the parties take the case to a court for resolution.
connection The act of connecting.
with Along, together with others, in a group, etc.
2017 N/a
incident An event or occurrence.
initial The first letter of a word or a name.
allegation An assertion, especially an accusation, not necessarily based on facts.
against In a contrary direction to.
had To possess, own.
caught (heading) to capture, overtake.
team A set of draught animals, such as two horses in front of a carriage.
off (usually in phrases such as 'from the off', 'at the off', etc.) beginning; starting point.
guard A person who, or thing that, protects or watches over something.
last Final, ultimate, coming after all others of its kind.
week Any period of seven consecutive days.
after Later; second (of two); next, following, subsequent
president-elect (sum of parts) a person who has been elected to a presidency but has not yet been inducted into office.
already Prior to some specified time, either past, present, or future; by this time; previously.
picked To grasp and pull with the fingers or fingernails.
intrigue A complicated or clandestine plot or scheme intended to effect some purpose by secret artifice; conspiracy; stratagem.
also (focus) in addition; besides; as well; further; too.
deepened To make deep or deeper
house A structure built or serving as an abode of human beings.
ethics The study of principles relating to right and wrong conduct.
committee A body of one or more persons convened for the accomplishment of some specific purpose, typically with formal protocols.
investigation The act of investigating; the process of inquiring into or following up; research, especially patient or thorough inquiry or examination
into To or towards the inside of.
potential Currently unrealized ability (with the most common adposition being to)
general A general fact or proposition; a generality.
lawyer A professional person qualified (as by a law degree or bar exam) and authorized to practice law, i.e. represent parties in lawsuits or trials and give legal advice.
represents To present again or anew; to present by means of something standing in the place of; to exhibit the counterpart or image of; to typify.
two The digit/figure 2.
witnesses Attestation of a fact or event; testimony.
probe Any of various medical instruments used to explore wounds, organs, etc.
said Mentioned earlier; aforesaid.
friday N/a
one The digit or figure 1.
his Honorific alternative letter-case form of his, sometimes used when referring to god or another important figure who is understood from context.
clients A customer, a buyer or receiver of goods or services.
saw A tool with a toothed blade used for cutting hard substances, in particular wood or metal
florida N/a
resigned To sign again; to provide one's signature again.
congress A coming together of two or more people; a meeting.
having To possess, own.
sex A category into which sexually-reproducing organisms are divided on the basis of their reproductive roles in their species.
minor A person who is below the age of majority, consent, criminal responsibility or other adult responsibilities and accountabilities.
denies To disallow or reject.
wrongdoing To do something wrong; to break a rule or offend.
including To bring into a group, class, set, or total as a (new) part or member.
ever Occurring at any time, occurring even but once during a timespan.
paying To give money or other compensation to in exchange for goods or services.
department A part, portion, or subdivision.
justice The state or characteristic of being just or fair.
there That place.
growing To become larger, to increase in magnitude.
scrutiny Intense study of someone or something.
gabbard’s N/a
suitability The quality of being suitable.
job A task.
director One who directs; the person in charge of managing a department or directorate (e.g., director of engineering), project, or production (as in a show or film, e.g., film director).
national A subject of a nation.
because For the reason (that).
her A female person or animal.
positions A place or location.
sometimes Former; sometime.
amplified Having been made the subject of amplification; more potent or stronger, louder
propaganda A concerted set of messages aimed at influencing the opinions or behavior of large numbers of people.
covert A covering.
community’s N/a
top The highest or uppermost part of something.
adversaries An opponent or rival.
— N/a
russia N/a
hello "hello!" or an equivalent greeting.
my Used to express surprise, shock or amazement.
name Any nounal word or phrase which indicates a particular person, place, class, or thing.
anger A strong feeling of displeasure, hostility or antagonism towards someone or something, usually combined with an urge to harm.
today A current day or date.
we (personal) the speakers/writers, or the speaker/writer and at least one other person (not the person being addressed). (this is the exclusive we.)
work (heading) employment.
on To switch on
our N/a
homework Work that is done at home, especially school exercises assigned by a teacher.
i The name of the latin-script letter i.
am Before noon.
enticed To lure; to attract by arousing desire or hope.
say A chance to speak; the right or power to influence or make a decision.
kill The act of killing.
yourself (reflexive pronoun) your own self (singular).
islamabad: N/a
constitutional A walk that is taken regularly for good health and wellbeing.
bench A long seat with or without a back, found for example in parks and schools.
dismissed To discharge; to end the employment or service of.
petition A formal, written request made to an official person or organized body, often containing many signatures.
monday N/a
frivolous Silly, especially at an inappropriate time or in an inappropriate manner.
seeking To try to find; to look for; to search for.
declaration A written or oral indication of a fact, opinion, or belief.
only An only child.
candidates A person who is running in an election.
securing To make safe; to relieve from apprehensions of, or exposure to, danger; to guard; to protect.
more To a greater degree or extent.
than At that time; then.
50 N/a
per For each.
cent (money) a subunit of currency equal to one-hundredth of the main unit of currency in many countries. symbol: ¢.
election A process of choosing a leader, members of parliament, councillors or other representatives by popular vote.
votes A formalized choice on matters of administration or other democratic activities
could (auxiliary verb, defective) to know how to; to be able to.
declared To make clear, explain, interpret.
winners One who has won or often wins.
seven-member N/a
headed Of a sheet of paper: having the sender's name, address, etc. pre-printed at the top.
by A flying insect, of the clade anthophila within the hymenopteran superfamily apoidea, known for its organised societies (though only a minority have them), for collecting pollen and (in some species) producing wax and honey.
amin-ud-din N/a
khan A ruler over various turkish, tatar and mongol peoples in the middle ages.
constituted To set up; to establish; to enact.
judicial That branch of government which is responsible for maintaining the courts of law and for the administration of justice.
commission A sending or mission (to do or accomplish something).
pakistan N/a
26th N/a
amendment An alteration or change for the better; correction of a fault or of faults; reformation of life by quitting vices.
heard (stative) to perceive sounds through the ear.
several An area of land in private ownership (as opposed to common land).
cases An actual event, situation, or fact.
during To last, continue, endure.
its One who is neither a he nor a she; a creature; a dehumanized being.
proceedings The act of one who proceeds, or who prosecutes a design or transaction
jamal N/a
mandokhail N/a
muhammad N/a
ali N/a
mazhar N/a
ayesha N/a
malik A tribal chieftain in certain areas of afghanistan and pakistan, especially among the pashtuns.
hasan N/a
azhar N/a
rizvi N/a
naeem N/a
akhtar N/a
afghan A blanket or throw, usually crocheted or knitted.
musarat N/a
hilali N/a
fine Fine champagne; french brandy.
rs20000 N/a
imposed To establish or apply by authority.
petitioner Someone who presents a petition to a court.
filing To commit (official papers) to some office.
court An enclosed space; a courtyard; an uncovered area shut in by the walls of a building, or by different buildings; also, a space opening from a street and nearly surrounded by houses; a blind alley.
deemed To judge, to pass judgment on; to doom, to sentence.
hearing (stative) to perceive sounds through the ear.
questioned To ask questions about; to interrogate; to enquire for information.
provision An item of goods or supplies, especially food, obtained for future use.
candidate A person who is running in an election.
required To ask (someone) for something; to request.
secure To make safe; to relieve from apprehensions of, or exposure to, danger; to guard; to protect.
50% N/a
vote A formalized choice on matters of administration or other democratic activities
remarked To mark again.
results That which results; the conclusion or end to which any course or condition of things leads, or which is obtained by any process or operation; consequence or effect.
are An accepted (but deprecated and rarely used) si unit of area equal to 100 square metres, or a former unit of approximately the same extent. symbol: a.
determined To set the boundaries or limits of.
solely Alone; exclusively.
cast An act of throwing.
nothing Something trifling, or of no consequence or importance.
can (auxiliary verb, defective) to know how to; to be able to.
done (auxiliary) a syntactic marker.
voters Someone who votes.
abstain Keep or withhold oneself.
raahim N/a
king A male monarch; a man who heads a monarchy. if it's an absolute monarchy, then he is the supreme ruler of his nation.
gentleman A man of gentle but not noble birth, particularly a man of means (originally ownership of property) who does not work for a living but has no official status in a peerage; an armiferous man ranking below a knight.
haha An onomatopoeic representation of laughter.
lead A heavy, pliable, inelastic metal element, having a bright, bluish color, but easily tarnished; both malleable and ductile, though with little tenacity. it is easily fusible, forms alloys with other metals, and is an ingredient of solder and type metal. atomic number 82, symbol pb (from latin plumbum).
try An attempt.
produce To yield, make or manufacture; to generate.
project A planned endeavor, usually with a specific goal and accomplished in several steps or stages.
best The supreme effort one can make, or has made.
me As the direct object of a verb.
teammates One who is on the same team.
capabilities The power or ability to generate an outcome
such Something being indicated that is similar to something else.
perform To do something; to execute.
better An entity, usually animate, deemed superior to another; one who has a claim to precedence; a superior.
sake Cause, interest or account
winning To conquer, defeat.
but An instance or example of using the word "but".
learn The act of learning something
while An uncertain duration of time, a period of time.
participating To join in, to take part, to involve oneself (in something).
dawlance N/a
hackathrone N/a
